I see…
Sasuke and Naruto are in an alternate Time-Space
as well as Sakura and Kakashi.
Naruto and Sasuke are the core participants in the battle.
I wish we could have gotten your advice and aid a bit earlier.
This lower body is a part of Madara after he became the Ten Tails' Jinchuriki.
In short, it contains Ten Tails, Madara and Hashirama…
No, rather Nine Tails, Madara and Hashirama.
No, rather Nine Tails, Indra and Ashura.
I'm only able to emerge like this now because their chakra is finally one.
Going back to the jutsu you mentioned earlier,
just what exactly are you doing to do?
I will weave the signs for the jutsu.
But this jutsu requires a vast amount of chakra…
which I don't have right now since I've given it away.
There's very little time. I ask you to just do as I say.
THE TWO OF THEM…ALWAYS
This man lent me his power. That's how we were able to get here.
He did?
Oh no…
Damn it… I can't… Not until I can bring them back…
Hang on!
Will I…
break my promise again?
Rin?
You know, Rin, you saving me,
is really the same as you saving the world.
Hmm?
I mean…
It's because I'm gonna become the Hokage and end this war!
For me to do that I have to stay strong and healthy in this world.
So…how do I put it?
If you don't stay close and keep an eye on me…
I mean…
Well…
Y-You got so close all of a sudden!
Don't scare me like that!
You just said to stay close and keep an eye on you?
Yeah, I did.
So watch over me.
I'm going to wear the Uchiha crest…
and definitely become the Hokage!
Okay!
Oh man, oh man, oh man! This is the one day I can't be late!
NINJA ACADEMY ENTRANCE CEREMONY
- Where do you wanna go? - I don't know, where should we go?
It's the entrance ceremony and you're already late.
Someone like you has no business being in the Academy.
You'll never make it.
It's okay.
I got this just for you.
For me?
Yes! Just submit this and you'll be able to enroll.
Thank you! You're a lifesaver!
Keep pampering him and he'll never be cured of his tardiness.
Shut up! Do you wanna fight?
Begin!
Stop right there!
That's amazing!
What's with that headband?
You passed!
Congratulations!
Thanks.
Aren't you going to congratulate me?
As if! I'll catch up to you in no time!
Just you wait!
Obito…
Class is starting. Let's go.
Rin…
Keep…
Keep watching over me, okay?
Huh?
I…
I'll catch up to him!
Then I'll surpass him and
I'll become the Hokage, no matter what!
Don't worry, I'll always be watching.
I found you, Obito!
Huh? Rin!
Are you all right?!
I just slipped. I'm okay. I'm okay.
Here is the graduation certificate for Obito Uchiha!
This certifies that you have graduated from the Hidden Leaf Ninja Academy.
You are commended for persevering through the rain and wind
to reach this milestone!
Here! Congratulations on graduating.
Rin!
Thank you, Rin.
No one's here to watch.
But this makes me happier than receiving it from Grandpa Hokage!
We've been assigned to a team and now…
this is our first step as shinobi!
I still have a long ways to go,
but I'm a little bit closer to becoming the Hokage…right?
CHUNIN EXAMS FIRST STAGE TEST
I'M ALWAYS WATCHING YOU. -RIN
CHUNIN EXAMS THIRD STAGE ONE-ON-ONE BATTLES
I'm going to have you pay me back in full for the last time.
The "last time"?
Do your best, Obito!
All right… Just watch me!
Begin!
Wha—?!
The winner is Might Guy!
What is he doing?
So this is where you are.
O-Oh, it's you, Rin.
It's only natural that Kakashi passed.
But we can do it too. I know we can!
Let's practice hard for next year!
But it's hard to get pumped up after watching Kakashi…
What are you saying?!
You're going to be the Hokage, aren't you?
I'm always watching you!
Okay!
NINJA ACADEMY
Obito…
I did it!
I'm a Chunin now!
You're late again!
A lot happened on my way here and I got lost…
How come every path you take is a roundabout route?
Just walk a straight line!
They're not falling into line at all, are they?
That's for sure. But you know, Sensei…
Let me handle this.
I'll watch over the two of them…always!
Let's go…
…you guys!
I was stubborn and never at ease.
But you never failed to come to my rescue.
Since it's a dream, everything is how you want it!
Even the dead can be alive again!
A world of only victors…
A world of only peace…
A world of only love…
I will create such a world.
Rin… again…
I'll create a world where we can be together again.
Thank goodness!
You came back!
There's still something I must do.
We're going back, you two.
Hang on to me.
All right!
There's no mistake.
Those things…
They cut down the Shadow Clones earlier.
The Clones are desperately protecting that one.
There's no mistake, Mother.
The one with the Truthseeker Orbs behind him is the real one!
There's no end to them!
Am I powerless to do anything but watch?
Right now, even Sakura and Obito are desperately…
I…
I really couldn't do much for you as your teacher.
Nor you, Obito and Rin…
as your friend.
I just put on airs because I was an elite,
and kept making mistakes.
It's not over yet!
There's no way I'm gonna lose!
What am I doing wallowing, when Naruto's fighting so hard?
That's why I'm never any good.
There should be something I can still do!
Obito!
Impossible! It's Sasuke!
He's here!
Now, there's nothing to worry about.
No way!
Naruto!
Why you!
He passed the Truthseeker Orbs to a clone?
We fell for something so simple!
Thank you, Sakura and Obito!
What? You're okay?
You scared us there!
Sasuke!
Did you thank Sakura and Obito properly?
Focus on the enemy!
Well, Naruto was always unexpectedly cunning.
Mother…
Since they've reunited, we have no other choice.
We can't afford to be stingy with our chakra.
I know that.
My body feels so heavy.
This terrain… is digging into my body!
I can't levitate!
A heavy gravity plane this time!
Except…
She's affected too.
Oh no!
Damn it! The Visual Prowess in my left eye hasn't…
Dodge it, Sasuke!
Is the heavy gravity distorting your aim?
I've now adjusted for it. I won't miss with the next one.
I won't let you!
There's something that I can still do.
I can at least be a shield for them!
– Let me make it in time! – Let me make it in time!
– Rin! – Rin!
Again, you…
Thank you, Rin.
Obito and I will be joining you soon.
We can catch up then… together, the three of us.
Rin…
This time, when I get there…
Let's spend some alone time together, just you and me.
Kakashi would just be in the way.
I'm gonna leave him here.
This is…Kamui!
Obito! You!
Kakashi… You stay here a little while longer.
Don't you rush to follow us!
After fighting you, I feel like I've woken up.
When I was a kid, I'd imagine myself as the Hokage so often.
I think it's because you brought back…
that indescribable feeling of exhilaration and uncertainty.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "You Better…"
Don't laugh at Obito!
YOU BETTER…
Tune in again!